---
layout: project
title:  "Principles and practices, project management
"
date:   2017-01-25 12:00:00
author: Marcel Newman
categories:
- project
img: portfolio_10.jpg
thumb: thumb02.jpg
carousel:
- single01.jpg
- single02.jpg
- single03.jpg
tagged: Flat, UI, Development
client: Wonder Corp.
website: http://blacktie.co
---
<h2>Create my own website </h2>
<h4>Jekyll</h4>
<p>
            Para crear mi sitio web me he decantado por utilizar Jekyll (https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/), ya que es un sistema que permite crear nuestro sitios webs de manera simple y static, modificando simplemente algunos archivos de configuracion(Markdown).</p>
<h4>Que es el Markdown</h4>

         
<p>Markdown is a text-to-HTML conversion tool for web writers. Markdown allows you to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text format, then convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML).</p>

<h4>Syntax</h4>
<p>
                Ejemplo de como crear un link utilizando markdown</p>
<p>This is [an example](http://example.com/ "Title") inline link.</p>

<p>[This link](http://example.net/) has no title attribute.</p>
<p> Will produce:</p>

<p>This is <a href="http://example.com/" title="Title">
            an example</a> inline link.</p>

<p><a href="http://example.net/">This link</a> has no
            title attribute.</p>
              



<h2>IDEA PROJECT</h2> 
<h4>Open Brew </h4>

<p>OpenBrew is a project to explore the different ways to elaborate/prepare/ferment different beverages. Specially beer (from different cereals) but also drinks that are developed by similar fermentation process like  wine, cider or any other fruit alcohol fermentation. But also kombucha as an non-alcoholic drink. The idea is to end up with a general bioreactor/fermentor with a modular design that allows to be adapted to the special requirements of your beverage preparation.  The fermentor, of course, will include some sensors and electronic systems to control and automatize the process, in order to make the fermentation easier, less laboured and accessible to everybody.  OpenBrew is not intended to be only a fermentation apparatus but an open-source virtual community  that will allow the users to share information, materials or even its favorite microorganisms. </p>

<h4>OpenGrow</h4>

<p>OpenGrow is the follow-up of the OpenBrew, it has exactly the same philosophy and it is also about make a bioreactor but now, we are not interested in the liquid media and fermentation but in the microorganism that grows inside. With this new generic apparatus we could cultivate and our own  yeast for making bread (or beer), your kefir fungi for yogurt, or your favorite microalgae: spirulina, chlorella...etc. The modularity, of this micro-farm will be focused into allow increasing volumes. In this case, the community will share which specifications of the bioreactor makes the microorganism happier and which conditions of culturing (pH, temperature...) are better but the main aim is to invite the team of users to become a distributed repository of different interesting microorganisms. That's why a part of the website will be specifically dedicated to the (cryo)preservation techniques.</p>